Description

Deductibles section:

Should appear as: “PD: 10% or Minimum/Maximum of <$500,000> <free text>”. Give user option of not selecting Min/Max from dropdown. Min/ max would be selected only when they select PD as %. For example : PD: $10000 <free text>

 This is how it should print. See below screenshot for adding the fields on UI.

One should be able to select type of deductible as PD&TE. Then, under PD, select %. However, presently that is ONLY a number field. It does not have an “Other option” to write the minimum or other remark. In order to get the same result, presently one has to select “PD&TE Combined” in order to get a free-from field.
 

Time Specifications:

Presently only gives 3 options.

“Earthquake or Earth Movement” instead of “Earth Movement” as in deductibles, should be consistent.

Proposal: take the same approach as the Deductibles section, where the dropdown list presents all coverages and extensions of coverage previously entered. (Most of those coverages won’t have a Time Specification for them, but they can be ignored by the UA/UW).

Coverages dropdown in Time Specifications should behave same way as in Deductible section i.e.. if user adds Coverage name in Annual Aggregate Limit, same value should appear in Coverages dropdown here. 

 For Time Specification- When Coverage is selected, right now, user can enter only Hours/days in Coverage Period. user wants the option of entering free text in Coverage Period without selecting anything in Hours/days dropdown. 