
 Description  	 
We are adding a “Send for Booking” Action Button in EzDocs to enable users to directly initiate the booking process from the Binder screen.
It will be mandatory to “Send for booking” before proceeding to policy issuance. This applies to all LOBs under automated booking
LOBs under “Automated Coding”
1.	Financial Lines - Public Select
2.	General Property - Domestic and produced international
3.	Received Property - have “Send for booking” on policy tab
4.	Energy Property - Domestic and Produced
5.	General Liability - Domestic
6.	Received Liability - have “Send for booking” on policy tab
7.	Umbrella - Hide “Send for booking”
8.	Excess - Hide “Send for booking”
 
 
Reference icon for Action Button:
 
This is a copy of https://jira-zurichna.atlassian.net/browse/ACW-56 


 Comments  	 
Comment by neha.dhilor@zurich.com [ 04/27/26 ] 

Divya Pydimarla , Yogesh Mudaliar - What will happen to exising eZdocs records after go live date? Will the user be able to send for booking for old records as well? How will we handle this scenario on screen?
Comment by Yogesh Mudaliar [ 04/27/26 ] 

neha.dhilor@zurich.com 
Send for Booking will be available only on the Binder tab. Once a submission moves to Policy stage, the Send for Booking option will no longer be clickable.
We need to confirm with the business whether a validation is required on the submission before the user clicks Issue Policy.
For Rescinded and Energy Property policies, the Send for Booking button can be removed once the policy is renewed.
Additionally, there is an existing check in ODS to prevent sending duplicate records to ZIP, as the ZIP batch fails if a policy that was already sent on previous days is sent again.

